Update sprite-sheets.md (#24)
pixijs/guides: docs/basics/sprite-sheets.md

## Creating SpriteSheets

You can use a 3rd party tool to assemble your sprite sheet files.  Here are two that may fit your needs:

[ShoeBox](http://renderhjs.net/shoebox/): ShoeBox is a free, Adobe AIR-based sprite packing utility that is great for small projects or learning how SpriteSheets work.

> [TexturePacker](https://www.codeandweb.com/texturepacker): TexturePacker is a more polished tool that supports advanced features and workflows. A free version is available which has all the necessary features for packing spritesheets for PIXI.js. It's a good fit for larger projects and professional game development, or projects that need more complex tile mapping features.

Reviewer: Branding typo
```suggestion
[TexturePacker](https://www.codeandweb.com/texturepacker): TexturePacker is a more polished tool that supports advanced features and workflows. A free version is available which has all the necessary features for packing spritesheets for PixiJS. It's a good fit for larger projects and professional game development, or projects that need more complex tile mapping features.
```

Sprite sheet data can also be created manually or programatically, and supplied to a new AnimatedSprite. This may be an easier option if your sprites are already contained in a single image.

> ```javascript
> // Create object to store sprite sheet data
> const spriteSheetData = {
> 	frames: {},
> 	meta: {
> 		image: 'spritesheet.png',
> 		format: 'RGBA8888',
> 		size: {	w: 128, h: 32},
> 		scale: 1
> 	},
> 	animations: {
> 		enemy: ['enemy','enemy2'] //array of frames by name
> 	}
> }
> 
> // Programmatically add frames to spriteSheetData
> ['player','tree','enemy','enemy2'].forEach( (spriteName, i) => {
> 	spriteSheetData.frames[spriteName] = {
> 		frame: { x: i*32, y:0, w:32, h:32 },
> 		sourceSize: { w: 32, h: 32 },
> 		spriteSourceSize: {
> 			x: 0,
> 			y: 0,
> 			w: 32,
> 			h: 32
> 		},
> 	}
> });
> 
> // Create the sprite sheet
> let spriteSheetTexture = new PIXI.BaseTexture('images/spritesheet.png');
> let spritesheet = new PIXI.Spritesheet(spriteSheetTexture,spriteSheetData);
> spritesheet.parse(e => console.log('spritesheet was loaded'));
> 
> // Use the sprites from the sprite sheet 
> let player = new PIXI.Sprite(spritesheet.textures['player'])
> let enemy = new PIXI.AnimatedSprite(spritesheet.animations['enemy']);
> ```

Reviewer: This example is very complicated, for the guides which are generally trying to be very user-friendly.

```suggestion
```javascript
// Create object to store sprite sheet data
const atlasData = {
	frames: {
		enemy: {
			frame: { x: 0, y:0, w:32, h:32 },
			sourceSize: { w: 32, h: 32 },
			spriteSourceSize: { x: 0, y: 0, w: 32, h: 32 }
		},
		enemy2: {
			frame: { x: 32, y:0, w:32, h:32 },
			sourceSize: { w: 32, h: 32 },
			spriteSourceSize: { x: 0, y: 0, w: 32, h: 32 }
		},
	},
	meta: {
		image: 'images/spritesheet.png',
		format: 'RGBA8888',
		size: { w: 128, h: 32 },
		scale: 1
	},
	animations: {
		enemy: ['enemy','enemy2'] //array of frames by name
	}
}

// Create the SpriteSheet from data and image
const spritesheet = new PIXI.Spritesheet(
	PIXI.BaseTexture.from(atlasData.meta.image),
	atlasData
);

// Generate all the Textures asynchronously
spritesheet.parse(() => {
	// spritesheet is ready to use!
	const anim = new PIXI.AnimatedSprite(spritesheet.animations.enemy);
});
```
```
